Now what are we added navigation in the last lecture.
There's one thing you can see I never get around between the different sections even though not all
of them load.
We do see Deady active link is highlighted in the navigation bar.
Now that is happening because in my head or component here I actually have a special Seer's styling
set up.
I'm styling any anchor tech that has the next link active class.
This is a class automatically added to the well active links of your page and an active link is simply
determined by the you or else you're on.
And the POF the link is pointing to.
So if you or you or else starts with Slash posts this link will be treated as active and actually the
behavior here is exactly the behavior you find in the official view router because the next router in
quotation marks just uses the view router behind the scenes.
So therefore all you can read in the official view router documentation applies to the next router.
The only differences that you use knucks to link to well link to your routes instead of a router link
but the properties you see here can all be accessed and used just as you read it in the official view
router page and that is something important which I definitely wanted to highlight.